in this video,
we're going to see how we can delete a sheet using V B A so you could use the worksheet or
the sheet dot delete method.
So if you're right worksheets she to delete.
So this is gonna actually delete cheat,
too.
But if you run that AXITY excel will prompt you whether you would like to continue with
deleting.
So if you press the delete button,
the sheet is gonna be deleted.
Or if you press cancel,
the sheet will not be deleted.
And this is just Aziz.
When you do it in the normal Excel interface,
when you right click and click on delete for a sheet,
you get this prompt.
Okay,
so I'm going to show you how you can suppress this prompt and not have it appear and have
the sheet deleted straight away so you could write application dot display alerts equals
fulls,
and this will actually suppress any alerts that would appear on the screen.
Any problems that will be suppressed starting from this line of code and you could follow
that with application display alerts equals true at any point that you would like these
alerts or these problems to be displayed again.
So this line of code will make prompts get displayed again,
as usual.
And you know,
of course,
that the code,
the V B A code gets executed from top to bottom.
So we're going to disable the problems,
delete the sheet with the problems being disabled so we won't have the problems and then
enable them again.
And this is what you normally do.
When you want to disable a feature and normal feature in Excel,
it is disabled temporarily,
and then you enable again.
And this is useful.
One debugging your code and we'll speak about D bucking later on in the course.
But this is useful because this makes you have any prompts or problems with your code
displayed on the screen when you just re enable these alerts again.
So if you run this goat,
you can see her that she,
too,
has been deleted and we haven't had the prompt display.
One more thing I want to show you as well is if we try to delete a sheet that is actually
the lost remaining sheet in a workbook.
So if you try to do that in the normally Excel interface,
if you right Click on this sheet and this sheet one is the lost one that is remaining.
It will prompt you.
This will close the workbook without saving.
Some macro modules will be lost.
You want to move the seductive cheats anyway.
But if I click on yes,
here.
Actually,
it says a workbook must contain at least one visible worksheet.
And to hide delete.
To remove this selected sheets,
you must first insert a new sheet or on hide a sheet that is already hidden.
And if a press OK,
nothing has been done.
And actually a workbook needs to contain at least one sheet or worksheet.
So actually,
you cannot delete a sheet if it is the lost remaining worksheet in the workbook.
OK,
so if you run this code you will get an error.
You cannot delete the sheet that is the lost remaining worksheet or sheet in the workbook.
OK,
so that's it,
Guys for the leading sheets.
Thank you very much watching this video I'll see on the next one